Update faq for delegated consents (#166)
vippsas/vipps-login-api: vipps-login-api-faq.md

enabled by Vipps for eligible sale units. If a merchant uses Vipps Login from phone number on
webpages or in apps used by end-users (on their own device), access to the feature can be withdrawn.

Merchants need to apply for access to Vipps Login from phone number separately. 

> This is done by sending an email to accessuserinfo@vipps.no and supplying the following information:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is done by sending an email to [accessuserinfo@vipps.no](mailto:accessuserinfo@vipps.no) and supplying the following information:
```

>  * Merchant serial number (MSN) for the sale unit for which you will use Vipps Login (this can be retrieved from portal.vipps.no)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Merchant serial number (MSN) for the sale unit for which you will use Vipps Login (this can be retrieved from [portal.vipps.no](https://portal.vipps.no))
```

 * Information on how you plan to use Vipps Login from phone number

Vipps Login from phone number is a billed service. As such, we also need some details regarding invoicing:
 * Recipient name
 * Recipient email
 * Invoicing address

## How can I get started with delegatedConsents?

> If you plan on using the scope delegatedConsents along with Vipps Login from phone number,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you plan on using the scope `delegatedConsents` along with Vipps Login from phone number,
```

you will need to supply some information on what consents you will retrieve and how.
We will then tailor this screen to suit your needs. You can see what the flow looks like at
[Vipps Login from phone number](vipps-login-from-phone-number-api-howitworks.md).

> Send an email to accessuserinfo@vipps.no and supply the following information:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Send an email to [accessuserinfo@vipps.no](mailto:accessuserinfo@vipps.no) and supply the following information:
```

| Item                                                 | Description                                                                                                                                                                    | Example                                                                           | Comments                                                                                               |

> |------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Reviewer: Hi! It will render it ok even if you don't include all the dashes here. If they become annoying, you can remove some of them.

| Top text                                             | Specifies the purpose of collecting the consents                                                                                                                               | "Merchant AS would like to send you tailored offers in several digital channels." |                                                                                                        |

> | Subset of consents you would like to ask for         | We offer a set of predefined consents. See [When using delegatedConsents, which consents does Vipps support?](#when-using-delegatedconsents-which-consents-does-vipps-support) | email, sms, digital, personal                                                     | If you want a consent type that we currently don't support, reach out to us at accessuserinfo@vipps.no |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Subset of consents you would like to request.        | We offer a set of predefined consents. See [When using delegatedConsents, which consents does Vipps support?](#when-using-delegatedconsents-which-consents-does-vipps-support). | email, sms, digital, personal                                                     | If you want a consent type that we currently don't support, reach out to us at [accessuserinfo@vipps.no](mailto:accessuserinfo@vipps.no). |
```

> | Links to your membership terms and privacy statement | We need to check your terms to make sure the flow is not used to mislead or abuse the end user                                                                                 | www.merchant.com/termsandconditions <br /> www.merchant.com/privacystatement      |                                                                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Links to your membership terms and privacy statement. | We must review your terms to ensure that the flow is not intended to mislead or abuse end users.                                                                                 | [www.merchant.com/termsandconditions](www.merchant.com/termsandconditions) <br /> [www.merchant.com/privacystatement](www.merchant.com/privacystatement)      |                                                                                                        |
```

> | Recipient to sign DPA                                | Vipps will function as a data processor and not have any ownership to the data involved. For more information, please visit merchant terms and conditions                      | recipient@merchant.com                                                            |                                                                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Recipient to sign DPA.                                | Vipps will function as a data processor and not have any ownership to the data involved. For more information, please visit [merchant terms and conditions](www.merchant.com/termsandconditions)                                            | [recipient@merchant.com](recipient@merchant.com)                                 |                                                                                                        |
```

Reviewer: Do you define DPA anywhere above? If not, maybe spell it out here.

Author: This link is not yet ready

## When using delegatedConsents, which consents does Vipps support?

> We have built support for several consents, and the merchant may select a subset of these to include in their own flow.

Reviewer 2: We should mention that consents can be customized as mandatory/optional

Author: Updated

> If we do not currently support the consents you look for, you may make a request to accessuserinfo@vipps.no and we'll be in touch.

Reviewer: I would replace bare email addresses and html links with links everywhere in the markdowns.

> If we do not currently support the consents you look for, you may make a request to accessuserinfo@vipps.no and we'll be in touch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If we do not currently support the consents you look for, you may make a request to [accessuserinfo@vipps.no](mailto:accessuserinfo@vipps.no) and we'll be in touch.
```
